It made sense for them to add Steve, competitive Smash players love
miners.
Yeah, they're all Creepers.
%
Conservatives are idiots.  You shoudn't need preparation to be able
to debunk their arguments, so I don't.  The only times you should
really need to prepare is if there's data ahead of time that you need
to collect, not a position morally that you need to work out in your
head.
        -- Vaush, "FALL GUYS WOOOOOOO"
%
Foreign policy is genuinely quite difficult to get into, in large
part because as an American you're insulated from the consequences of
American imperialism around the world.  You're not taught that sort
of stuff.  It's deliberate, it's not a gap in your knowledge that
just incidentally happened to be there, it's more: they know it's
easier to maintain the system as it exists if people in America know
as little as possible about what the consequences of our regime
changes and sanctions are.
        -- Vaush, "FALL GUYS WOOOOOOO"
%
I don't think the online left is that salvageable.  I think it's full
of a lot of selfish nihilists who are more interested in being the
smartest person sent to the gas chambers.  Some of them are
wokescolds who just want to be super woke, like "haha, I never even
say dumb to refer to people 'cause that's ableist."  And for a while
I thought those were the people who wanted to be the smartest one
sent to the gas chamber.  But now I realize there are a bunch of
people who call themselves marxist-leninists, who have never read a
fucking word of Lenin, who are like "ugh, participating in bourgeois
electoralism makes you a liberal.  I'm smart.  I'm not doing that."
And these people are exactly like the wokescolds!  They just want to
be the purest person sent to the gas chamber.  So, I don't like the
online left that much.
        -- Vaush, "FALL GUYS WOOOOOOO"
%
Moving liberals over to leftist positions is pretty easy if you've
got the good arguments.  There are more liberals in America than
there are lefties by an exponential degree.  I think it's much easier
to just focus on these people for recruitment.  Plus, that way you're
doing more of a difference.
        -- Vaush, "FALL GUYS WOOOOOOO"
%
What a lot of people are going to realize after a Biden presidency is
that Biden is -- I mean, we kind of all know he's a dawdling fool,
but he's also fundamentally incapable of fixing the problems with
this country.  Biden, Polosi, these establishment democrats, really
do not give a single shit about substantively changing the makeup of
this country in any real way.  And I think that, with a sharp eye,
criticizing that can encourage a large liberal audience to realize
that they have to turn to something more radical to win -- to really
win the freedoms they're looking for.
        -- Vaush, "FALL GUYS WOOOOOOO"
%
Q: Do you feel any responsibility for the information that you give
out to your audience and what they do with that?  You could be taken
out of context in a lot of your clips ... do you feel responsible for
that in any way?

A: Yeah, for sure ... there have been a couple times where I've been
concerned about irony poisoning in my audience.  Here's an example:
Abagail Shapiro, the younger sister of Benny Boy, has done a bit of a
YouTube ad run herself which is hilarious, and a disaster, and great
to make fun of.  But while I was covering her video, I noticed that
there were people doing the (((echoes))) in the chat, which sometimes
they do to make fun of the perceived dogwhistling of right-leaning
people ... but if you're doing the echoes just because a jewish woman
is talking, you're DOING THE THING.  You're not making fun of other
people dogwhistling the thing, you're just doing it yourself.  Later,
people made comments about her nose.  I was shocked! ... I had to
get a master list of these people to see how many of them were
actually nazis.  What I found was that most of them weren't.  I think
a lot of these were just 15-16 year olds who just think it's funny
and they just don't understand the context behind what makes it
funny, which is how communities die.  This is how satire-oriented
communities like r/gamersriseup or r/politicalcompassmemes end up
turning into shitholes, because what is initially satire turns into a
sincere advocacy for terrible ideas.  You have to be careful about
that ... Also the 'femoid' thing.  Saying 'femoid' is funny because
of the sort of reflexive mysoginy of online right-leaning groups ...
it's funny if done properly, but sometimes there were people in my
chat who would just start spamming femoid whenever a person with a
feminine voice came on.  What if they were non-binary?  What if they
were a trans man?  What if they just had a feminine voice?  At that
point you've circled right around and you're going back to
unironically enforcing the same standards I'm trying to make fun of
with the use of that word.
        -- Vaush, "FALL GUYS WOOOOOOO"
%
If you are confident enough, and a conspiratorial type of person, you
can make almost anything sound convincing.  there are some people out
there who are very very good at drawing these sort of compelling,
implied conclusions form a flurry of data they throw out there ...
and dealing with that on the spot, live, is almost impossible. ...
For these people, they only need to be right one one thing, too, for
them to win.  If they say 99 bullshit things that are easily,
factually debunked, but then they end up getting one point over on
you, they'll gloat about it like a fucking child for the rest of the
discussion.
        -- Vaush, "FALL GUYS WOOOOOOO"
%
How many racists say they're racist?  That's pretty uncommon.  Most
people will say "oh yeah I hate racism, racism is bad, but these
thugs in the inner city need to pull their pants up and stop smoking
crack or of course the police are gonna have to beat their shit in."
"oh I'm not racist but these whores need to close their legs."
They'll say fucking anything after the "I'm not racist" bit.  That's
the whole joke, right?  Saying "I'm not racist but" is like an
invitation to the worst opinions imaginable. ... Holding people to
their hypocrisy is rarely effective.  People usually don't care that
they're hypocritical.  People will often hold 2 beliefs in their head
simultaneously which are incompatible. y'know, the orwellian double-
think.
        -- Vaush, "FALL GUYS WOOOOOOO"
%