This is the same language that is peddled by "race realists" ... You
make an identity out of the fact that people disagree with you.  This
is what is known as the "bitch-baby cancel culture snowflake move",
where you push some bad research, and you then make a career out of
milking the victimization points that you got out of people
criticizing you for your bad research.
        -- Vaush, "Transphobe Debunks HERSELF on Joe Rogan Experience"
%
We never should have let the narrative of "cancel culture" end up
growing to the size that it has.  Holy fucking shit.  Now every
single person with a bad idea goes online, gets criticized for it,
and makes a fucking career out of the fact that they had a bad idea.
        -- Vaush, "Transphobe Debunks HERSELF on Joe Rogan Experience"
%
Imagine being the president of the United States, and saying "we will
no longer stand victim to cancel culture".  You're the fucking
president, bro!  There is no one less cancelled than you.  You could
drone strike my house!  You are so not cancelled.  Cancelling doesn't
mean getting criticized.
        -- Vaush, "Transphobe Debunks HERSELF on Joe Rogan Experience"
%
This is what hate does to people.  It's not just that these books are
bigoted, it's also that they're low-quality . . . hate really is a
disease.  It really is.  You've seen this in other people before:
people with legitimate talent, people with legitimate interest, with
legitimate vigor, having all of their unique characteristics sapped as
all their arguments and beliefs slowly fall in line with the
particular archetype of bigotry that they've been pulled into.
There's less and less to distinguish them, less and less to make them
unique, there's less and less merit.  They fall into this trap, and
eventually they just become hollow shells of what they used to be. We
have a lot of weirdos here on the left, my time here in it has taught
me that; but we don't have people like this, and not to the same
extent either . . . we don't get pulled into hate vortexes the way
they do.
        -- Vaush, "JK Rowling LOSES IT, Doubles Down on Transphobia
        With New Book"
%
J.K. Rowling was, from birth, cursed with a tragic defect known as
being british, and an unfortunate byproduct of that condition is a
seething hatred -- just a festering dislike -- of transgender people.
        -- Vaush, "JK Rowling LOSES IT, Doubles Down on Transphobia
        With New Book"
%
